Hey, girls!
- Go, go, go baby!
- Eh, eh, eh!
Leaving already?
It's work.
I didn't want to wake you.
‪Why are you so sweet?
How are you feeling?
I feel better... because of you.
- Aw, it's nothing.
- Thank you for last night.
It's nothing, it's the least I could do.
I have to get going.
Right... um...
- I'll walk you out.
- No. It's fine.
That won't be necessary.
I know my way out.
Besides, you need to rest.
- No, but I... I just...
- No. Rest, Boma. Rest.
I'll see you.
Today?
Um... I have work till very late.
So I can't really say.
But I'll come tomorrow,
you know, spend the whole day with you.
Would you like that?
I should get going
before my boss bites my head off.
Alright.
- Be safe.
- Yeah. See you.
- Bye.
Hi, so you know,
I'm so glad that you came down.
‪lt's just like... so for me,
‪it's all about making money, right?
Thank you. Thank you
very much. I try. I try my best.
- You know, to make things work and er...
- Boma!
- Hey, Boma! Hey, girl!
- Sorry, excuse me.
- Hey, hey, hey!
- Oh my God, Fade!
‪Hey, honey!
What is this? Is this
a "disco" we're having?
Well, I heard "mingle"
so I dressed the part.
Nobody is going
to take you seriously, you this girl.
I don't want to be taken seriously.
I just want the men
to stare.
Let them drop saliva. That's all.
- You are crazy.
- Thank you, honey. So why do I start?
There's drinks over here
and there's food over here.
‪Food first.
- Alright baby. Let's go.
- Alright, thank you. Food first.
- Who do we have here?
- Silly girl.
‪-You can go.
‪-Thank you.
Wow! Guys, guys give
it up, give it up!
Thank you so much baby girl.
- Mwah, you did amazing.
- You are welcome.
Thanks so much. Um, guys
give it up for my awesome friend, Mimz.
Oh my gosh. So I don't know how much you
were going to tell them but...
Hey you.
- You!
- I was just messing with you a little.
- Where's Azeem?
- He went for a quick trip. Um,
‪I came with a friend if that's okay.
It's my eat-and-mingle, girl.
I'm ready to serve everyone. Where is she?
- He.
- A he?
- Yes, a friend from uni.
We ran into each other and erm...
There he is.
Xavier, this is my friend, Boma.
Hi.
‪Er... I'm actually her husband's friend.
I snatched her from him.
Xavier. Builder.
Um, Boma, consultant.
Ah, nice to meet you.
Is this your place?
- Yes.
- Good build. Must have cost a fortune.
- Well...
- Don't let her humility daze you.
‪She has money, alright.
Girl, where is the food?
Erm, ah, there's drinks
over here and food is...
‪Alright, enjoy.
‪I'll be right back. I'm coming.
- Would you like a tour of the house?
- Sure, yeah. I'd like that.
- Okay. Let's do this.
- After you.
‪Boy!
Hey, this one!
‪I have this one locked down,
‪you ain't going nowhere.
Xavier. Such a hunk.
‪Okay, when?
‪Alright, that's fine. Set it up.
I'll be at the office shortly. Bye-bye.
Hmm. Good morning, sunshine.
- Good morning, wife.
- Good morning, husband.
- Gosh, you look so beautiful.
- Aww, thank you.
- Whew! So sexy.
- Thank you.
Come on to daddy. Ooh!
Okay, okay, okay. Stop...
before you eat
"burnt offering" for breakfast.
‪I want you for breakfast.
Okay.
‪I wan't you right here.
- Okay fine.
- Okay fine. I'll let you be.
- Thank you.
- So you can make breakfast.
‪I'll be waiting for you
‪in the room though.
- In the room?
- Erm, the living room.
- Better.
- Cool. Damn, baby girl.
So what are your plans today, baby?
‪What do you mean?
I mean are you expecting any clients over?
‪I told you
‪I'm taking a break from all of that.
Hmm. Uh, that's true. I was just checking,
in case you changed your mind.
‪Why would I change my mind?
- Babe. Says the workaholic.
- Really?
- Yes!
- Like you don't work hard.
- Who's that?
- I don't know, unknown number.
Why would somebody I do not know
call me early in the morning
‪with an unknown number?
This fool will sleep there.
‪Ah no, just...
Oh, for real...
Why are you laughing?
‪You trying to speak Pidgin is funny.
- But I try.
- Don't try. It just doesn't enter, please.
Why don't we ever
eat at the dining table?
Um... well, maybe when the baby
comes, then we would be more civil.
‪I am civil.
- Baby, what are you trying to say? Baby?
- You, you're the hooligan actually.
- You're...
- I'm not gonna say anything.
Babe, are you okay?
Come, come, come.
- Here, take. Take some water.
- No, no, I'm...
‪Sorry, are you okay?
- Yeah.
- What's wrong?
The food. It went
down the wrong pipe, that's all.
- Ah. okay.
- Yeah...
- Please don't choke on me now.
- I won't.
- Hey, what's up?
- Don't.
Look whatever this is,
it has got to stop.
I don't mind losing a friend,
‪but I definitely
‪do not want to lose my marriage.
Where's all this coming from?
Get your act together. Okay?
Look, we were done
a long time ago and now we are done.
- Donna...
- Don't text me. Do not call me.
Donna.
Tell her the truth.
She deserves it.
- Alright, can I just...
- Good night.
And Xavier, goodbye.
‪Check me, check
me. I see you dancing on...
Stop it. Stop.
‪Yeah I like it
when you check on that boy...
Hi Donna, it's me, Xavier.
I know we're not exactly
on good terms right now, I understand.
But this isn't about me,
it's about your friend.
I love you.
You know I love you.
And I love you too, my baby.
Mwah!
Baby, please are you sure... you know, I'm
just... See, I don't have to go to work.
- I can just reschedule.
- Baby, okay, okay, you need to go to work.
- Please, can I just stay home?
- You need to go to work.
- I love you.
- I love you!
- One more. For the road.
- Okay.
Bye.
‪lf I don't go now,
‪trust me, I won't go to work.
- I know.
- Whew!
Hi Donna, it's me, Xavier.
I know we're
not exactly on good terms right now
and I completely understand.
But this isn't about me,
it's about your friend.
I don't know when you last spoke to her
but she needs you now more than ever.
She's been going through a lot.
She may not have enough time.
I don't know what to do, Donna.
- I'm beautiful...
- Yes, you are.
Successful...
I don't look for anybody's trouble...
I love "love." I'm such a romantic.
But why can't I find love?
It is not you.
- It's me. Donna, it's me.
- Shh.
Babe, stop. Don't do this to yourself.
I'm tired of being alone.
‪-Come here. Come here.
‪-Babe.
Try again.
‪I don't have the heart for it,
‪I don't have the heart for it.
Listen to me, if you don't try
again, the man will not find you.
I don't want to try.
Like, this is draining. It's tiring.
The emotional roller coaster is too...
Hey, come here.
Let me tell you something. Okay, fine.
Let's not think
of relationships, men, nothing.
Let's just let loose, have fun
Boma okay, focus on yourself.
Maybe then, a man will come.
Hmm?
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
Are you sure, sure, sure?
Boma, I am sure, sure, sure.
Love will definitely come.
- I should be paying you for your sessions.
- Girl, I charge in dollars.
Here, have your ice cream, okay?
Hey...
Hello?
Ehen. Ehen. Ehen.
‪Please...
Don't patronize me
with that elongated hello.
Where were you last night?
Last night, as in yesterday?
No. Last night as in
the afternoon of tomorrow.
Rubbish, where were you anyway?
I was at home, where else?
Oh my gosh, the party!
Oh my God, the party.
So you forgot we made plans?
Oh sorry, Fade, it's not like that.
Something just came up.
See if you want to lie,
‪you should at
least tell a meaningful lie.
What do you mean,
"something came up last night"?
Fade... calm down.
Okay Boma tell me,
what's the thing that came up last night?
I can't tell you over the phone.
Ahn-ahn.
What?
I'm listening.
You know what?
Just come over and I'll gist you.
I should come over? Ahn-ahn.
Yes.
Is it that serious?
‪Just come!
Okay, okay, okay.
‪Let me just rush home,
get dressed and I'll be with you.
Get home and get dressed?
But I thought you were...
Hey! Fadela, Fadula!
Fadela, Fadula!
‪Miss, shut your mouth.
Shut your mouth.
My Uber is here.
‪I should close my mouth?
When all your mouth, all your opening,
everything was open yesterday,
you're telling me that
I should close my own mouth.
Fadela, Fadula!
Just come let me tell you.
Yeah.
Ah gosh. So good.
I'm going to stay here,
I won't bathe till tomorrow.
I don't understand.
You said she's
not feeling well, what do you mean?
- I'm not entirely sure.
- You are not entirely sure?
You sent me a voice note
saying she doesn't have much time left.
What does that mean?
She's not exactly
being straight forward with me.
You know how she likes to act
like she's stronger than everyone else.
I've been visiting her
for a few days and...
I thought since you guys
are friends you know, I'd let you know.
Were.
Were friends. She's not exactly
my biggest fan right now.
- And you?
- Me?
Yes. The last time I checked
you guys were not in the best place
How did you find out?
No. I mean, I just ran into her a few
weekends ago and you know...
you know, we sort of... yeah.
Anyway erm,
does she still live in that her estate?
Yeah. Erm, Ajayi Estate, why?
Are you planning on heading there now?
Planning? I'm heading there right away.
Now? Like, as in now?
Yes, you said you left her at home.
Alright, alright. No,
I just thought that you'd have clients
you were attending to, you know that.
I'm not, okay?
Erm, I'll be on my way. Bye.
Hello? It's fine.
So in a nutshell, it's an app that
helps users, in this case single people...
- Yeah.
- find happily-ever-after...
‪-Exactly.
‪-... that leads to matrimony.
Exactly. Users just
need to download the app
and, they're well
on their way to finding love.
Hey babe, erm... Yeah sorry,
I was in, um... are you on the road?
Azeem. Azeem, it's Boma.
- She, she's not feeling well.
- Woah.
Okay, you need to relax okay? Please.
Re-lax. Take it easy.
Are you driving?
Yes.
- Ah. So where are you going?
- Where else? To her house of course.
Wait, which Boma are you talking about?
Ah, which other Boma do we know, babe?
Babe calm down, just
calm down, calm down...
I mean, I thought you and Boma
were not on talking terms so I um...
Yes, we don't speak but
Xavier called me and told me
that she might not have enough time.
Did I just hear you say Xavier?
Why is he calling you?
Azeem, that is not the issue right now.
The issue is our friend might be dying.
I thought to tell you.
But babe... hello, babe.
Um, so sorry.
Boy.
That was my wife.
It's an emergency. She's pregnant so...
- Congratulations.
- Yeah. Um, go ahead.
- Yes, so...
- So your app is it subscription based?
Yes, we actually
have a healthy subscription base, erm...
But right now we are focused on
protecting the back-end of our platform
and that's where you come in.
We are counting on your solutions
to tie up our back-end.
I'm sorry. Er, so sorry.
I apologise, I'm a bit distracted.
Like I said it was
an emergency call from my wife and erm...
Do you mind if we cut short
this meeting? Next time. okay? Please,
- my assistant will help me see you out.
- Alright.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. So um... yeah.
I'm coming! This babe...
Do you want to spoil my door?
This... do you want to spoil my door?
What are you doing here?
Come here.
Why?
Why didn't you tell me?
Look, I know that you and I,
we had our differences.
But come on.
You tell me everything.
Why didn't you tell me?
Were you embarrassed?
What are you talking about?
Erm... Xavier...
He told me about... about the illness.
I told him not to tell anyone.
And that includes me?
- Boma, I know the last time you and I...
- Yeah.
A year ago.
Yes, a year ago.
We didn't exactly
end things on a great note.
And I take full responsibility for that.
Look, I've thought
hard and long about my...
‪Donna...
Please.
I'd really appreciate it
if you don't speak
to me like I'm one of your clients.
Right.
You are right,
um, you are not one of my clients.
But Boma, this is
me and you we're talking about here.
We tell each other everything.
Boma, if you are going through something
as painful as this, you should come to me.
I don't have to hear it
from Xavier of all people.
So he called you.
Yes he did.
He was worried about you.
And he said he spent the night here.
It's not what you think,
he was just being nice.
‪Right, let's not
‪call it what it really is.
- Babe, that's guilty conscience.
- Donna, come on.
Fine.
Boma...
- What did they say the problem is?
- Huh?
- The doctors. What was the diagnosis?
- Oh. Um... yeah... err...
I think, I think he said...
I think he said it was leukemia.
You think?
- I should go get that.
- No, no, no. Please sit. Sit.
I'll get the door, okay?
You don't have to stress yourself.
- Hey, baby.
- Babe.
- How are you, my love? Mwah!
- Fuck. Azeem.
What are you doing here?
What do you mean?
You called me.
Yes I did. What about your meeting?
Oh, I rescheduled. Where is she?
- Boma.
- Azeem.
I'm sorry, I called
him on my way here.
And rightfully so.
- What happened to you
- Doctor says it's leukemia.
Great God! Leukemia.?
Boma, you have leukemia?
For how long?
Erm, about two to three months.
For that long?
Huh? And you didn't tell anybody?
I know you are not
talking to my wife, but at least,
you, you could have come to me.
We were friends first!
Come on, Boma,
we're talking about your health here.
- I... I know. I just... I just didn't...
- Azeem stop okay.
This is not the time to interrogate her.
She's going through a lot.
I'm sorry.
I'm... I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...
to, to get at you like that.
Boy. Are you treating it?
How long?
Erm, about a month now.
- A month. Chemo?
- Who's catering to you?
Are you sure?
Why?
I'm sorry but I mean you don't
look like someone going through chemo.
You're not experiencing hair loss.
- Your skin looks perfect.
- No, no, I'm wearing a wig.
I have make up on and erm,
you know it's more
memory loss and loss of appetite for me.
Look Azeem, her body is clearly responding
to treatment well. That's a good sign.
- Glory to God.
- Stop fussing, eh?
Are you okay?
- Are you okay?
- Are you alright?
Water.
Please baby, get water for her, please.
- Okay, I'll get water for her.
- Sorry.
Sorry.
Are you expecting someone?
Azeem, I didn't realize you were here too.
You called my wife, didn't you?
Yes, I did. But I thought...
Someone was hoping to get
some alone time with my woman.
Hmm.
Sorry to burst your bubble.
Shut the door behind you.
- Hi.
- Hi. How are you?
How are you feeling?
Babe, I'm so sorry,
Hey.
‪-Hi baby, sit here. Alright.
‪-Okay.
Erm, so what are you doing here?
You said...
you were going to
be busy today, all day.
Yeah I was. I
mean I am, you know.
But then I passed by that
chicken place by the bridge.
You know, and I thought you'd want some.
They make the best
chicken pepper soup in Lagos.
You're so sweet and I'm actually starving.
I got some for you as well,
just in case you were hungry.
- You did?
- Yeah, you know.
I told them, err, zero pepper,
just the way you like it.
‪Um...
Well, that's old information.
She eats pepper now.
Yeah, when we had a conversation
you know, she said erm, she was...
When was that? A year ago?
Well, that's long enough to know that...
‪I'm referring to
‪the ulcer incident back in the day.
- Remember? In school? When I had to...
- That's old information, sir!
What? Are you daft or you just fail to
understand that my wife now eats pepper?
- I was just saying...
- Hey, Xavier.
Rest.
The lady's husband
says she eats pepper now, so she does.
Yeah but I'm just trying to say that
- ulcer doesn't magically disapp...
- Are you fuck... honestly,
‪are you fucking kidding me?!
Can both of you just stop?!
Please.
We are here for our friend.
Not to fight and argue
about whether or not I eat pepper!
Please.
And for the record,
Xavier, I eat pepper now.
Azeem...
Boma! Abobo! Fade in the building!
- Is that...?
- Yes, Fade.
You guys still talk?
Yeah, once in a while.
Yes.
Boma, come on, open door and download
all the gist for me. I can't wait.
Be quick or else I'll sit down here
and drink all these drinks by myself.
You know I'm not just talk without action.
Drinks?
Does she know you
can't take alcohol with your meds?
It's fine, I'll get it.
- No, don't worry I'll...
- I said I'll get it!
Madam, I'm not joking.
One... two...
three...
- Azeem?
- Hi
I didn't know you...
I didn't know you were here.
Well, I'm here.
And so is my wife.
Oh.
Hi, everyone! Hey, Boma baby.
How're you doing?
Aunty Life Coach.
What's this thing doing here?
- Hello, Fa...
- Please, please, please.
I don't ever want to hear my name
come out from that your filthy mouth.
Ahn-ahn.
Boma, what's going on?
How can you allow this half-baked
human being into this house?
Despite everything
that he put you through!
- Fade, come on...
- What?!
Ahn-ahn, is it not
the same fool, the same fool
that was using
your heart to be playing softball,
because he was clearly
still in love with someone else?
‪Fade, come on...
Wait. Why is everybody looking like this?
Eh, did somebody die?
- Did someone die?
- She really doesn't know?
Know what?
Boma, you didn't tell her?
Tell her what?
- Erm, I... I... I wanted to tell you...
- Ahn-ahn,
‪Miss, open you mouth!
You called me this morning.
You said there is gist.
I've come to hear gist.
Now you are behaving like
your tongue was caught in a mousetrap.
- What happened?
- For God sakes, are you blind?
What?! She clearly is blind if
she cannot see that her friend is in pain.
Erm, sorry. Excuse me, which friend?
- You have only one friend here.
- Donna.
Boma?
She has cancer. Leukemia.
And the doctors say it's terminal,
meaning she might die.
No, that will not happen. Look...
We're going to fight this, okay?
We cannot lose you.
You need to see
the look on your faces.
‪-What's funny?
‪-Your own is the funniest.
One minute. You guys are funny.
You're asking me what's funny.
It's you people. Boma, what's going on?
- Because...
- Wait. Okay, you need to stop, okay?
This is serious.
Stop laughing.
I should stop laughing?
You are the one making me laugh.
Boma, please can you tell them they
don't know what they are talking about,
because I'm confused.
I wanted to tell you.
Hey!
But you know, I just...
I just couldn't really find the time.
That was why
I said you should come, so that...
that I had gist for you.
When? Cancer? How?
Look, she was diagnosed few months ago.
Few months ago.
Ahn-ahn. Wait, there's something
I don't understand in this place.
Because this Boma and myself, last
week Friday we were still in the club.
Or are you discussing another
Boma that I don't know about?
Club?
Boma?
You guys don't understand.
Everything is just weighing on me.
I just needed to get away from medication.
- From...
- Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Last week Friday you told me you went
to church. I called you, remember?
Ahn-ahn. Not only church,
how about mosque too.
I said this Boma and
I were in the club.
Had it been
you were there, inside the club,
we were just flooding
our throats with vodka, champagne...
You should have seen how she was dancing.
‪Huh?
Boma, are you okay?
- Boma?
- Are you alright?
- You see what you've caused?
Oh, please, don't talk to me.
Little Miss I-Got-Married-Early-So-
I'm-Better-Than-Everybody. Please!
- Is she talking to... are you talking to me?
- Baby, calm down.
Tell her to calm down.
She's the noise maker there.
Who's a noise maker?
- Can you see what you have caused?
- Boma!
- Rubbish. Hey, don't try it.
- Baby, baby.
- I'll take care of my friend, please.
- Is she...
Baby, baby, baby! Please just sit down.
Please, I beg you.
No need for all this. Please.
My goodness.
Yo, babes.
Babes, it's Fade.
Hello? Boma, are you okay?
Boma, come on.
Boma? Jesus!
Do you want to remove my arm?
I will remove
your arm and every other body part
if you ruin this my plan.
What's wrong with you?
Boma.
Where is the vomit?
Ah. Eh? Boma?
Wow. Wow.
Ah. Boma.
Sorry.
So you...
Stop it.
Er, I want to go get something,
to drink. Would you want any...
- No, we are fine. Thank you.
- Actually...
I don't mind.
Really?
Let me see if I understand
everything going on here.
So, none of this is true?
- No leukemia?
- God forbid.
Church on Friday?
Is God not in the house?
So in short you are not sick?
- No, I am not.
- Ah, then you are sick.
- Yes. For chasing that guy, you are sick.
- Why are you being like this now?
No Boma,
you're the one that is being like this.
You're the one that is being like this.
This was the same guy...
that treated you like a second class
citizen when you guys were dating.
The same guy that forgot
to call you for two weeks.
He said he's looking for a charger.
The same guy that
‪-did not call you on your birthday...
‪-It's okay.
Ah, it's okay.
I know all these things
that he did in the past. Calm down.
So you are telling me now
that he has changed?
‪Yes. Babe, he has changed.
I'm telling you he has changed.
So you genuinely believe all this crap
you're telling yourself, huh?
‪lt's not crap.
Look, you've not been with us
these past few weeks, like,
he is different.
It's like the old times, but better.
Like he's really changed,
I'm telling you.
Did you just say, 'weeks'?
So you've been putting up
this charade for weeks
‪and you didn't say a thing?
How will I talk, when you're behaving
like an abnormal person.
No, you're the one that is not normal.
Boma, you're not normal.
Are there no other men out there?
Show me the men that are out there!
- Show me, because I'm not seeing anyone.
- Hmm.
- But you see this hunk?
- Mm-hmm.
‪-This guy? My Xavier? My professor X.
‪-Mm-hmm.
He is mine and I am his.
Like he's the one for...
Like he's the one for me.
I like him a lot.
- No.
- I'm gonna die on the... yes.
- I said no!
- I said yes!
Ahn-ahn. I know
what I'm talking about Boma. I said no.
The very moment I walked into that room,
I discovered that,
that your almighty punk, that thing,
is not over that thing.
Can you not see?
Who? Who are you talking about?
Who are the two of them, what's that?
Who?
Please, who was the reason
you people broke up in the first place?
Look...
Fade...
- All of this is in the past.
- Aww.
Guy, believe me,
he's a different person now.
‪Aww, what a shame.
He's a different person now. Still yet,
he called her to come here.
Can't you see?
He called her here because he cares
about me, and he was worried about me.
- He was worried about you?
- Yes.
Boma?
Can you not open your eyes and
see what is actually happening here?
Fade, my eyes are open.
They are fully open. Like they
are clear, like a bulb. They are open.
Ah, you are running
a temperature. It's cancer right?
Have you selected the type
you want? Let's go.
My friend with the cancer!
- Let's go there.
- You are mad.
- Cancer-Boma, Boma-cancer, huh?
- You will have cancer. I will slap you
You know cancer patients don't fight.
So you need to be practicing
how to be a "canceric" person.
‪God, which kind of human being is this?
Are you seriously
not going to talk to me right now?
I wasn't planning on it
but now that you've suggested it...
Baby, I was only trying.
To calm things down. You're pregnant
‪By telling me to shut up?
I didn't mean sh... Come on now,
you know Fade would not listen to me.
The only person that
will listen to me here is you, my wife.
Come on.
Fade is a stubborn he-goat!
Glad you mentioned.
Come on, baby, I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry. You know I'll be...
- Leave me!
I'll never do anything to hurt you.
I didn't want to make
you feel like this. I would not do that.
Baby...
My husband.
- Leave me! Leave me, stop.
- My husband, my husband.
You know I won't
stop until you answer me.
- I will not say it
- You won't say it?
- Mm-mm.
- Okay, I'll continue.
- Stop. Stop.
- My husband. Say it.
No.
- My...
- Fine.
- My wife.
- Say it again.
- No.
- Come on.
- My wife, okay?
- Uh! I love you.
I swear our child
is going to come out confused,
- hearing us call ourselves these names.
- Whatever. But listen,
when we get
to that bridge, we'll cross it, okay?
Right now, my husband,
alright come, come, come.
Come to daddy.
Come here now.
Get some sugar.
I'm worried about Boma.
- What if she doesn't make it?
- Ahn-ahn, babe.
God willing,
she's going to make it, okay?
She's going to be fine.
- I'm just really worried.
- Don't worry. It'll be fine.
Wow.
I know. She's impressive.
I mean, does she know that
you're selling her like goods in a market?
- I think that is my time...
- Sorry, sorry. Listen, just joking.
- You know I don't have to do this, right?
- I know.
You made quite an impression.
She doesn't
get attracted to people so easily.
I know.
That's the "Xavier effect."
Hmm, you are just a naughty person.
Hit me again.
If you flirt with me one more time,
I am going to leave.
Alright, sorry, sorry.
But why though?
Why what?
Why are you so hell-bent
on getting me a girlfriend?
You asked for my help.
No.
No. I asked for you, Donna.
I've told you one million times, Xavier,
Miss Donna Okafor, now Mrs. Jabal.
- I am married.
- Don't remind me.
I still can't get over how fast
he snatched you from me.
Um. Well, if you didn't let
a good thing go in the first place,
who knows.
Yeah.
It's something that
I regret it every day of my life.
- Azeem is a lucky man.
- And you will be after this date okay?
Just go on this date.
Give it a shot.
I have a feeling
that you two will hit it off.
‪Yeah, whatever.
- Cheers.
- Whatever.
- Xavier.
I'll have that, thank you.
- Boma.
- I'm fine now.
- Are you okay?
- Are you fine?
- Yeah.
She's fine now.
You know, just a little throw-up.
Although, very messy. Ah.
- I had to clean the toilet...
- Ah, how did you know I want it?
- It was actually for...
- No, no, just give it to her, it's fine.
Give it to her.
You can have it.
No, no, no. Take.
No, you can have it.
Since you are the one that was thirsty
and he brought it for you.
She said she does not want.
Aunty, carry your drink and go.
- What? What's exactly is it?
- Guys, guys, guys, please.
Please, calm down. Ha!
Boma, I'm sure you must be hungry.
How?
I mean, you just threw up.
And you spent a lot of time in there.
- Yeah, actually.
- You need to eat.
Thinking about it, now that
you say it, I think I'm a little...
I'm a little hungry now.
Yeah, you need to eat
so that you can regain your strength.
- Okay.
- And I have so much discomfort but,
- you know, I...
- Sorry guys, I have to take this call.
How about I warm up
the pepper soup for you, okay?
- Thank you very much.
- You're welcome. That's fine.
Yeah, I'll help. You know,
I mean you always need another hand...
‪Fade will help with that.
She said she was
going to do it already.
- She did? When?
- Right now. Right, Fade?
Eh? You say?
You said you were going
to help Donna warm my food for me.
I did? Oh yeah,
yeah, I did. I did.
- Well, she's going in now so...
- Oh, of course, of course.
Bowls, bowls, bowls.
Where are the bowls?
- Do you need some help?
- No, thank you.
Are you okay?
Yeah, why?
You look upset.
- No, I'm fine. And you? Are you...
- Sorry about that.
It's okay, man. Work, right?
Yes, work. Can you imagine? I've not
even left this people for one hour,
and they are
already disturbing me. One hour.
These guys can't do the
simple thing they were paid to do.
Really? But it's fine,
I sorted it out.
Sorry, don't mind them.
You know you don't have to stay, right?
Boma, I can see
you're feeling better but, listen...
In case you don't know,
you're my guy.
You know that.
And I am not leaving here until
I'm sure you're well taken care of.
- Aww.
- Yeah.
By the way,
I texted an oncologist friend of mine.
‪Ha.
Mm-hmm. He said
he will get back to me in a few minutes.
You have your medical records, right?
Err I... I...
I honestly don't know what to say.
No. MM-mm. You've started.
You don't have to say anything, okay?
That's what friends are for.
‪Oh.
What's wrong with you?
Nothing, I'm good.
So. You didn't know?
About Boma's situation.
No, I did.
- You both are terrible liars.
- And how do you mean?
You know...
I know all about that erm,
meeting you had in the bathroom.
We used to have
those cute moments when we were...
Humor me.
You knew all about her sickness
yet you pretended you don't know.
But she told you it was
okay, so you know...
Am I right?
Spot on. Perfectly, absolutely.
Right. For what it's worth...
I didn't mean for things
to end up the way it ended between us.
Between us?
Boma and I.
Oh come on,
I know she told you all about it.
Yeah, she told me.
She told me how you introduced
her to a guy you already dated...
No, scratch that.
You introduced her to a
guy you had a relationship with,
and you knew still had feelings for you.
Yes, she did.
And the best thing
that you could do was to introduce me
to a man who is still clearly into you.
Because as we all know, nobody loves Boma.
Boma is alone.
Boma is charity.
Boma is the one that
deserves your hand-me-downs.
That's not true. Boma, I...
I wanted to help. Okay?
You were lonely.
You connected with Xavier so,
I didn't think
it was necessary for me to tell you.
Babe, you should have seen yourself,
you looked so happy. You were in love.
Donna?
Fuck you.
Fuck off.
Go to hell.
Stay in hell.
I don't ever want to see you again.
And please just go before I say
extra things that we will both regret.
I beg you in God's name.
Just go. I made a mistake.
I made a mistake inviting you here.
Babe, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm extremely sorry.
Honestly, I don't know what else to say.
‪Goodbye will suffice.
Well, I mean...
You're here now.
It's the time she needs
you the most. She's not feeling so great.
And you're here
trying to help so, I believe
that should count for something.
How long have you known?
Erm...
About six months now.
She told me she was
diagnosed three months ago.
Yeah, erm, yeah...
You know she...
She started showing
symptoms about six months ago.
Oh.
For what it's worth,
I'm so sorry that you have to go through
this again with someone you love.
I don't get it?
Oh, I heard about
your mother's diabetic shock last year.
My mom died ten years ago,
of a stroke. Way before I met you.
Wait, where did you get
that information from?
Donna?
I'm sorry, I must have mixed you up
with someone else. Apologies.
Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Be careful, it's still very hot.
You ought to blow it a little bit.
You can still blow, right?
‪You know how to do that.
Er baby, I was just telling Boma
that I spoke to Dr. Ken
- and he's willing to take up her case.
- Great news.
Can I see you in the kitchen, please?
Kitchen, please.
- What's wrong?
- Azeem! Kitchen, now. Please.
- That was awkward. Even for them.
- Shut up.
What?
I'm here. What's going on?
Okay, you're scaring me now.
What's up, what's happening?
You love me, don't you?
Baby, of course I love you.
I mean, is that really a question?
And you will not deliberately lie to me?
No. Not intentionally.
Intentionally and deliberately are
the same thing. So you would not do that?
Right?
Donna, is there something
you want to say to me?
Or there's something you want to ask me?
Fade...
Fade?
Remember the only time
last year that you came home late?
You came at
about 1:00 a.m., past midnight.
And you told me
that you were at Fade's house.
‪That her mother had developed
‪some sort of diabetic shock,
- and you were there to help.
- Mm-hmm.
You know it's funny because
Fade and I, we had a conversation.
And she revealed something quite unusual.
Hmm.
She revealed that
her mother had died ten years ago.
Oh, exactly my reaction when she told me.
I... I don't... I mean,
these things happen. Babe, I mean...
You really didn't...
are we having a conversation about this?
This thing could have
been anything. Probably,
- I meant her aunt, not her mom.
- Exactly what I thought!
‪I thought there was a miscommunication.
You might have meant her mother,
or her aunty, right? Her aunty.
I thought the exact same thing.
But then I remembered I had a conversation
with Boma, and she had told me that Fade
does not have any
other relative except her mother.
Hmm.
I mean, is there something
you're trying to ask me?
Al
-Azeem Jabal.
What exactly happened that night?
I don't remember. I don't know
what you are talking about. What night?
What, exactly?!
- What exactly happened that night, Jabal?
- What do you want me to say to...
You're a fucking...!
The truth. The truth, Jabal.
What exactly happened that night?
- The truth?
- The truth.
Donna, come on, are you really
doing this right here? Right now?
I mean, we're here to support a friend.
‪-Our friend.
‪-Okay.
Who might be dying, by the way,
and all you can think about
is... is asking for details
of one random night.
- Really?
- Don't you dare!
Don't you dare, Jabal!
Don't you ever make me feel unreasonable!
Don't you dare! Don't try me!
Don't test me, Jabal! Don't try it.
‪I'm not... you're doing this to yourself.
You are the one being unreasonable, not
telling me exactly what happened.
What happened that night Jabal?
Don't play with me.
‪-Don't play with...!
‪-Do you want me to tell you something...?
‪What happened that fucking night?!
Something that fucking
happened 12, 13 months ago?
‪-What do you mean my money to play, or...
‪-What happened?!
It's delicious.
Tell me what happened that night?
- Sorry, what did you say?
- The pepper soup, it's...
- It's delicious, thank you.
- You're welcome.
‪You don't have amnesia.
You know what, Donna, I'm not doing this.
Not here, not right now, and not today.
- I'm not...
- You know exactly what you what to do?
- You don't want to tell me what happened...
- I already... I told you.
Listen, I think someone
should go check up on them.
I think you should mind your business.
Guys, guys, they are a couple.
Couples argue all the time.
I think it's normal.
Let's not just... you know...
Yeah, you're right.
- That was long time ago!
- Jabal, what happened that night?
Who is that?!
Wow. Why am I not surprised?
Really?
‪I heard some shouting outside so
‪I wanted to know if everything is cool.
- Ah...
- Thank you, Mr. Clown. Now, get out!
- Azeem!
- No, no, it's fine. It's fine.
I mean, as long as everyone is okay...
Well, as you can see,
everyone is okay, Mr. Super Hero.
She's having
a conversation with her husband.
If you don't mind, get out!
- Is everything fine?
- This guy...
Can you be more shameless?
Don't you have any sort of shame?
Are you okay?
No, no no. Are you okay or did you develop
some form of trauma growing up as a child,
that has made you develop
some sort of fetish for married women?
Or is my wife just
one of the lucky ones?
- Azeem, stop it!
- Don't tell me to stop it.
Let's call a spade a spade.
This guy, this bastard is obsessed
with you, and it's pathetic to watch!
- Azeem.
- Ah Donna, come on.
‪You can do better than this broke...
- Argh!
- Ah!
‪Please. Please.
What is wrong with you?!
What is wrong with you, Azeem?!
What exactly is wrong with you?
Really? What is wrong with me?
‪What is wrong with you?
You would pick sides?
With that fool? Over me?
Because I decided to skip one
very tiny detail of a random night?
‪-I am not picking sides.
‪-So what are you doing?
I am not picking sides, Azeem.
What is wrong with you?!
Fine, you wanna find out?
No, you wanna know the truth? Then, fine.
- I'll lead you directly to the answer.
- Azeem! Azeem, where are you... Azeem!
- Don't tell me to stop!
- Stop.
Don't, don't. You wanna know the truth?
Then let's settle
this thing once and for all.
‪Guys, what's going on?
- Ahn-ahn. Fade.
- Er... Azeem.
Do you remember one time
when you stayed over at my office?
- Yeah.
- I mean, we had some work to do
‪and you stayed the whole night?
Er... Yeah. I think so, when I came to you
for help on my job interview, right?
Yes.
Oh wait, she thought...
Woah!
Hey Aunty, I'm not
doing anything with your husband.
I had a job interview, I had to seek help
from him, and I had to wait
until he was done with work.
Hence the reason
we finished so late at night.
And that's all.
‪That doesn't change the fact
‪that you lied to me about it.
- Why?
- Because of this.
Because of this. I knew you wouldn't
believe if I told you the truth.
So I had to tell you something that
you wouldn't be able to counter, Donna.
Ahn-ahn.
That's my problem with you,
you get paranoid at the slightest thing.
Please you need to stop with this
your insecurity issues. I'm tired of it.
- Oh, now I'm insecure.
- Yes!
- I'm insecure?
- Who would have thought that little miss...
- Hey, shut up. Shut it.
- No, no, darling!
- Do not caution your whore! No need.
- Huh?!
- Who is a whore?
- You!
- Who's talking? Hold her!
- My darling, you!
‪-I will scratch you! What?!
‪-Can you just stop it now?
- No need for all this. Just sit down.
- You and who? Please!
‪-You'll do nothing.
‪-Just stop, please.
You won't dare.
- Stop it.
- I know about you two.
- Rubbish.
- I do!
But I chose to keep quiet
because of my insecurities, right?
Maybe that night you two did not sleep
with each other but I know, Jabal,
that you two
have been fucking. Right, Boma?
- Really? Abom-bom, right?
- Oh, shut up!
‪Ah, I'll beat this girl up.
‪-Boma?
‪-I'll beat this girl up.
Did you tell my wife
that Fade and I were fucking?
Boma?
You told my wife
I was sleeping with Fade?
Azeem, how can you ask me that type
of question? Are you sleeping with Fade?
Guys listen, I think the civil thing is to
not have this conversation here and now.
Says the wildling who just tried
to punch me a few minutes ago.
You almost beat up
your wife in the kitchen
‪and look at you seated there
‪intimidating a sick woman.
And you call me a wildling?
- Excuse me...
- No, no, no, listen.
Now I know you do not
deserve Donna. You don't deserve her.
I mean, it's obvious.
No one asked for your opinion,
you bald-headed looking monkey.
All I'm trying to say is that you do
not address your wife in public like that.
Have some respect.
I could have really
taken your opinion to heart, only...
Um, the only problem here is that I know
it's coming from a place of desperation.
- Desperation?
- Yes.
You call me desperate?
As desperate as a man who tried to pay his
wife's ex, six million to leave her alone?
Because she could obviously not do
it herself, is that what you are saying?
Wait, Azeem did you pay him
just so that he could stay away from me?
- Azeem?
- Here's how things are gonna play out.
You'll stop talking to my wife.
You'll stop texting my wife.
In fact, you will end every
form of communication you have with her.
And I mean every form of communication.
‪You will not mistakenly
‪bump into my wife at the mall.
You will stop that nonsense.
You will not like
her pictures on social media. In fact...
she does not exist to you.
Does that make sense?
What if I say no?
You won't.
And you know this because?
Because I have what you need.
But I refused.
Why?
Why, what do you mean why?
- Why didn't you collect it?
- Boma, really?
Six million naira is a lot of money.
And if I remember clearly,
you weren't exactly swimming in cash.
So why didn't you collect it
to stay away from her?
Well, I thought it was
the right thing to do, I guess.
‪Hey!
Or is it because
you are still in love with her?
‪I'm not in love with her.
- I'm not.
- Eh? Uncle, do like this.
Exactly. There's lie there.
There's lie in your mouth.
You think we are blind?
You think we cannot see?
Hello, you are still
obsessed with this woman.
‪I am not obsessed with anybody.
Ahn-ahn. So how do you explain when
yourself and Boma, you are on the bed,
you're doing "jiggy-down"
and you're still there shouting,
"Donna, Donna,
Donna." Explain.
Donna. Donna.
- Donna.
- Get the fuck off me! What the F?!
What the actual fuck?!
No, I can't believe this.
I can't believe this.
‪-Baby.
‪-I can't believe this.
- Baby listen, I can explain.
- Explain?!
You can explain what?
That you are calling my best friend's
name right in the middle of coitus!
It was just a slip.
‪lt was just a slip of what?
‪Slip of fucking tongue?!
Wow, you must think
I'm a fool. Get off!
- You must think I'm a fool, right?
- No.
Xavier. Xavier, a slip of tongue is when
you call your teacher "mummy" at school.
A slip of tongue
is when you are drunk,
‪and you forget the lyrics
‪to your favorite song.
A slip of tongue
is when you greet your neighbour
good morning as opposed to good afternoon.
But this?
What you have just done,
what you just said...
Just shows what is really on your mind.
- Better still, who...
- Boma...
It's Donna, Donna, Donna!
What?!
Boma, I thought
I begged you not to tell anybody?
- Hello, hello?
- I didn't.
Hello? Wait. No, just calm down.
Look here Mr.,
she owes you no explanation.
She can tell
anybody anything that she wants.
She can tell her mommy,
she can tell her sister, she can even tell
her motherfucking pastor. You!
This same human being,
you'll be lying next to you in bed
and you'll still be texting this one!
And that one too will just lie there
like a vegetable, waiting to be touched!
This same you...
You cancel dates on her,
just because you want to
go and hang out. Just to hang.
Uncle, hang in there then. No problem.
- Fade, come on.
- Ah. Okay, I should not say it?
So Donna, you two were seeing each other?
‪But babe...
Babe, listen to me.
He... he... it was, it was...
It was just... he booked a session.
Hmm. Session? Or "sessions-es"?
He booked a life
coaching session. That's all.
Sorry, Aunty,
the life coaching "sessions-es,"
does it include him texting you,
begging you to take him back?
‪Fade, shut up!
- What?!
- Shut up!
I should shut up?
Oh. Is that how
you speak to a woman that is
‪constantly satisfying your sexual palate?
Please.
Please!
What?
Azeem. Please, enlighten me.
This "palate" is lost on me.
What's she talking about?
- Baby, you don't need to...
- Start talking.
Don't listen to what Fade has to say.
Just focus on us, okay? Please.
‪Boma.
You were going through
my phone? You read my messages?
Please what's wrong with him?
Why are you trying
to make this about her?
All of this won't be happening if you
were honest with her from the start!
Get out of my sight.
- So you were still talking to this guy?
- Oh, I can explain.
Can you?
But you told me he was the one disturbing
you and that you didn't care about him.
He was. I don't care.
- So all the work stuff... the work stuff...
- It was work.
- Really? Work stuff.
Work stuff, I swear.
Well pardon me if I don't believe any word
that comes out of your mouth right now.
It is the truth, unlike you.
And you!
- Azeem.
- What kind of man are you?
- Eh?
‪What kind of man pines
‪after another man's wife?
Don't you have any shame?
- Azeem.
- Don't "Azeem" me. Don't!
What is it that you talking with
this guy that you couldn't talk with me?
Your husband.
You know what? I'm done with your...
your...
nonsense side comments.
What's your problem? If you have anything
to say, open your dirty mouth and say it.
No! Do not say
a word. Don't talk. Eh?
Please. Azeem, let's go.
Let's go. Oh my goodness. Let's go.
- Azeem... Azeem.
- Wow. You can actually be silent.
You know, I honestly
took you for a whole lot of things but...
A coward?
No.
- As cowardly as you hitting your wife?
- Ah!
- What is he talking about?
- Xavier.
- Huh?
He's not saying anything. Xavier.
He didn't say anything. He doesn't know
what he's saying. He's talking nonsense.
No, I'm talking about you hitting your
wife, and her coming to me for comfort.
You keep quiet.
- Azeem... is it true?
- Hmm.
Azeem. Is it true?
Boma, Boma, Boma, you know me.
You know me longer
than anybody in this room.
You know I wouldn't do anything like that.
I would not. It's not in my character.
This guy is just talking nonsense.
He's just trying to score cheap points.
I'm not talking nonsense,
I'm saying everything as...-
‪Shut up! Shut up
Shut up, shut up. Shut up.
I know what I'm talking about.
I mean, all I'm saying is that your wife
came to me and she told me everything.
So it's true?
You hit Donna, like how?
It's unaccepta... how?
I know, I'm sorry.
But it was a mistake. It was just once.
I promise you, just once.
And I apologized immediately it happened.
Are you... just once.
Are you... you don't do that.
My God.
Donna.
- What the fuck?
- He's never beaten me.
Fade, shut up.
- Hey.
- Don't you dare!
You know I would
never do anything to hurt you.
‪ls that what we're talking about?
- Fade and I happened a long time ago.
- When?
Before you and I...
before we became serious.
- And after?
- Nothing.
Nothing, totally.
We are just friends. I swear.
Why would you say that I'm insecure?
We both know who the guilty party is.
I was just talking nonsense.
I am the insecure bagger.
You know I can't even believe that you'd
pay off Xavier just to stay away from me.
- But I did it because I wanted...
- Don't you dare say for me.
We both know
you did it for yourself, for your ego!
Not for me.
No.
Baby, I did it because...
because I love you.
I love you so much.
I'm sorry.
Please.
Sorry.
Azeem...
Hmm?
Talk to me, please.
Erm...
There's something else.
Did I send you to go and be telling all
those things you were telling err, Donna?
Did I send you?
Please don't be angry. Please.
It's okay, sweetie.
That girl she's a very
shameful girl. Very shameless.
‪Fade!
- What? What do you mean?
- It's okay.
All those things that she's talking
about, that's since last year.
And I'm even over the guy,
unlike some people. Mario!
They will rather die than leave!
- Fade!
- Ahn-ahn.
Wait, these people...
Two times in one day?
Fade.
Come and sit down.
It's none of your business.
‪These guys, they're angry.
Come and sit down.
- Fade.
- Boma, are you okay?
Wow.
Now, you see me.
Now, you notice me.
Good morning.
Do you want me to leave?
Goodness!
Ladies and gentlemen,
‪the first smart thing that will
‪come out of this cow-tail's mouth!
To God be the glory!
You know what?
I'm leaving, that's it. Okay, I'm...
‪-No one is leaving anywhere!
‪-Eh?!
- If I slap you!
- Sub-Zero!
‪-Please, eh!
‪-Ah! Azeem! It's okay.
‪-Azeem! Stop!
‪-Give it to him! Hit him!
‪-Azeem!
‪-See blood!
So "Sub-Zero" and "Liu King,"
what caused the fight?
- Erm, I think it's time for us to leave.
- Eh, to where?
Nobody is going nowhere.
We know this fight is because of you.
What we wanna know is why?
She slept with Xavier.
You told her?
- What?!
- You just confirmed it, Azeem.
So I wasn't paranoid after all.
I knew something was going on
but I just couldn't place it.
What I don't understand right now
is why you, Donna? Tell me.
What kick do you derive
in sleeping with the man
that has had both of us?
- Boma.
- No, don't "Boma" me.
Do not even try
to "Boma" me at all.
You know very well
that Xavier was not over you.
But you had to come back
to remind him of what he was missing.
You have a great guy, my home boy Azeem.
You have a great man but no,
the "long-throat" in you had to come
for the one man that you introduced me to.
The one man
that you know I was in love with.
You stole him from me.
‪You know, I think
‪it's time that we cleared the air.
I have been keeping quiet
for you out of respect..
First of all,
I didn't steal nothing from you, Boma.
But you did!
‪Oh, when I talk you,
‪don't breath you stupid slut!
- Say it one more time.
- I said freaking slut.
- Shut your mouth!
- I said I'll beat this girl.
‪-No, I'll beat this girl. Ahn-ahn.
‪-Guys, please!
Secondly... you begged me
‪to introduce you
‪to Xavier because you liked him.
I cajoled him
into going on a date with you.
Yet you fabricated all sort of lies,
saying how great your relationship was
and how he loved you too well.
And every time Xavier talked
about you, it was the exact opposite.
Huh?
You told me how amazing
your sex life was. And the only time,
the one time you two got
down together, he was screaming my name.
- Eh, take your medal of achievement.
- Oh, take several seats, my darling.
Donna and I had sex
months after you and I did.
‪-Will you just shut up!
‪-Please, keep quiet.
I didn't ask you to step in.
You were not interested in Boma,
yet you didn't tell her.
- Hmm.
- Huh?
I even offered to tell her
on your behalf, you said no!
- Why didn't you tell her?
- Why would he? No, he can't!
Because this broke-ass motherfucker
was taking advantage of her generosity.
This same Boma here
paid for his studies in China.
We don't even know what he studied there.
The car you are driving, she bought it!
This same idiot is feeding on Boma
- every blessed day. He's so broke!
- I never asked her for anything!
Really? But you never refused either.
The only thing
you never ask me for was sex.
‪Oh, how generous.
No, no, listen guys.
Please, listen.
‪I'm not on trial here.
‪I am not the guilty one.
Boma and I never defined what we had.
I never took advantage of you.
You in turn tried to buy me with
everything you did, so let us be clear.
Whatever you think we had,
was all in your head. Alright?
You painted me black in front of everybody
and I took it in good stride, so please.
What's funny?
Oh my goodness, this
guy is just a clown.
Guy, if I were you,
I would shut up.
- No, you shut the fuck up.
- Excuse you?
- No, no, you shut up!
- Don't tell me to shut up!
You shut up!
How different are you from me?
We all know that your wealth
is daddy's money, so please.
- Hey, you guys, please just wait.
- It's like what I did to you
‪-is not enough? You want some more, right?
‪-That's okay!
That is okay!
Look, I'll pour pepper on you.
Look, let's drink!
- Don't mess with me, bastard!
- Shut up. Shut.
So guys, the room is about
to become lighter. Step one, done.
Step two...
Step two.
Are you actually blind or deaf?
- Alcohol and meds do not go together.
- Look, carry on.
- Fade.
- What?
‪So this small one ‪she wants to
drink now, it will kill her?
My dear, are you done with that?
Hmm. Good.
- Exactly what we needed.
- Boma, don't.
It's all in my head.
‪Oh, right.
Donna.
I slept with Azeem.
‪Oops.
‪What?
- Boma. Stop.
- What?!
- Stop.
- When?
Babe. Baby, baby...
Listen, just listen to me. It's not what
you think, okay? I can... Baby, please.
- Don't touch me.
- Wait please, I'm sorry.
‪-I can... Baby, just...
Please hear me out. ‪-You?
If... Boma, what are you...
I-... I... baby, just listen to me...
‪-Don't touch me!
‪-Baby, please just listen to me.
- You slept with Boma?
- Just listen to me.
‪You say she's your best friend,
‪-you slept with her?
‪-Just listen to me.
- You slept with your best friend?
- Baby, just please,
‪-listen to me, I'm begging you. I'm s...
‪-You slept with your...
Babe please just...
‪I'm sorry but I won't
‪let you go until you just at least...
- Hey! Leave her alone what's your problem?
- Leave me alone!
- The lady says you should leave her alone.
- Are you crazy?
- Are you crazy? What's your problem?
- Hey! Hey!
‪-Are you okay?
‪-Hey, you guys!
‪-What do you want to do to me?!
‪-That is okay!
- What do you want to do, move back!
- You want to hit me?
‪-Xavier! Azeem! I said...
‪-Yes, get out there! What d'you wanna do?
‪-What do you wanna do about it?
‪-Hey listen...
I said, "Stop fighting." Stop right there.
- Oh my goodness.
- Remember I told you guys
‪we have pepper in this house.
I will pour pepper on your faces!
And Mr. Xavier, what is your own problem?
Allow the couple settle
their differences. What's wrong with you?
- Fuck you!
- That's okay.
- Baby...
- Don't touch me!
- You slept with Boma?
- I... I...
‪-That's your best friend!
‪-Please just listen.
- You slept with her!
- Listen to me.
- Listen to what?!
- Baby, just listen, I know you're mad.
- Just listen to what I have to say.
- Boma, Boma.
But wait, this equation is not balanced.
No, this life is not balanced.
- What do you mean by life isn't balanced?
- Are you not seeing what I'm seeing?
In the spirit of sleeping with one another
look at how heated this conversation is.
It's now looking like it's only me
and Xavier that have not...
‪Do you get what I mean?
Hello Xavier, are you
in the mood for some sex, please?
‪Fade, shut up!
Shut up!
Shut your mouth!
I don't care about you but I'm worried
about the way you've been acting all day.
You are close to menopause
and you're acting like a child. Yes!
You better stop playing with sand
and freaking grow up because
all of this, all this is not funny!
- Ahn-ahn
- Before I get that
‪stupid wig off your head!
- Please, is this one normal?
- You are the one that is not normal!
‪-Is this one normal?
‪-You're the one.
- Is she normal at all?
- No wonder you guys are friends.
‪-She's right.
‪-Please, Fade.
- She's right. It's not funny.
- Oh my goodness.
You need to cut it out please.
It's not funny at all.
Coming from you?!
No! You need to freaking grow up!
Why are we here?
Our secrets would have been
safe with us, but you just had to do this!
- What are doing?
- Fade, stop.
- No Boma, what is this?
- Fade. Stop.
"Stopinatu" indeed! You and who?
Look at you?
What are you doing, for God's sake?!
You were over this guy.
The next moment you set your eyes
on this thing and you lost focus!
Take a look at the mirror,
Boma, you are a catch!
- You deserve better than this goat!
- Hey, hey, Fade. Watch it, Fade!
- Eh? Eh?
- Fade.
No, no. That means
you want to beat me.
Look, you are a goat
and she is a cow!
Because only a cow
that will lie that she has cancer,
just to get some
cheap attention from a goat like you.
- Hey, don't let me disrespect you!
- What?! Boma?
You didn't even say malaria.
Boma, you did not choose typhoid.
You went to carry it from top...
Cancer! Best dreaded disease.
Guys, she's drunk. She's drunk.
Fade, you are drunk and you need
‪-to sleep it off.
‪-Excuse me?
I can hold a glass.
I am clear as day.
This guy here... this goat, I mean..
He doesn't deserve all this attention
and argument we've been on all day.
Look at me.
Desperation is good. Yes it is.
But you see
in this case... misplaced priority
Boma.
- What is wrong with her?
- Boma.
- Wait, is there garlic in the soup?
- I don't know, I think there was.
- I'm not sure.
- Oh my gosh. She's allergic to garlic!
‪I don't know but... Boma!
Boma. Boma!
Boma, Boma.
Jesus! Oh my God! Jesus.
‪Hey. Jesus, Jesus.
- Oh my God, oh my God!
- Boma...
‪-Why are you still there?
‪-Please have some water.
I mean...
Okay, bye-bye.
- It wasn't like I planned to.
- Thank you.
It just happened, out of nowhere.
I looked like a mess.
And I couldn't
let him see me like that.
‪I wasn't going to
‪be the ex that let herself go.
So I tried to hide.
Boma? Boma?
I knew it was you!
How are you doing?
- Hi. Xavier. How are you doing?
- Hey. So good to see you.
And as we spoke,
I realised he was in a much better space
than the last time we saw.
I wasn't too sure
but I just, you know...
I actually came to get stuff and I forgot
something so that's why I quickly...
- turned, cause I remembered...
- Oh, yeah.
Okay, but are you sure you're okay?
- Are you sure you are...
- Erm... I'm strong in Jesus' name.
I'm strong.
I was happy for him genuinely,
But a part of me
felt like I'd missed out.
Either way, I honestly assumed
that day would be the last I'd see of him.
And I was actually
okay with it, then this happened:
I couldn't believe it.
It was you.
Hello?
Who is this, please?
Hi, Boma, it's Xavier.
Oh... hey, Xavier. Erm, I'm sorry.
It's cool. I would delete
my number too if I were you.
Okay so...
I know this is a random question,
but how are you doing, really?
Erm...
I'm fine, I guess. Why?
So you're fine?
Mm-hmm, I am.
Okay great, because I...
Turns out he had been thinking about
the day he ran into me at the supermarket
and was worried about how I looked.
I assumed this was him
actually caring about me.
Boma?
And that was when it came to me.
- Boma, are you crying?
- You know what?
I just... you know what? I just can't.
- I can't take it any more.
- It's fine, it's fine,
‪Boma, just calm down.
Breath in, out.
- You know what? I'm coming over.
- No. You really don't have to.
I want to.
‪No. Okay, if you insist.
I'll be home. I'll be home soon.
Alright, bye.
‪What will I do?
I don't even know what to do.
‪I don't even...
I'm supposed to be an
actress not a consultant.
Erm, Xavier...
- I didn't even know I left my door open.
- Yeah.
I brought comfort food.
You know...
- You didn't have to.
- I know, but I wanted to.
Look Boma, I...
I know I hurt you
so much in the past.
I'm really sorry for what
I put you through and how I made you feel.
And I want to believe
that we've put that behind us.
So please, tell me
what exactly is going on.
And that's exactly what I did.
- They said it might be cancer.
- Boma?
‪Cancer?
I don't know what to do.
This thing is eating me deep inside me.
I don't have anyone to call my own.
I don't know what to do.
‪Oh Xavier, I don't know what to do.
‪There's nobody I can call my own.
It's alright. I'm here, it's okay.
Hey, it's okay.
Coming.
I'm just wondering
if this is how it'll end for me.
‪Hey, hey, hey.
Don't talk like that.
But it's the truth.
I never got married.
I don't have any children.
Well, the only thing
going for me is my business.
And the one good relationship
I had turned out to be...
For the record,
I'm sorry for everything.
If I could take it
all back, you know I will.
Please don't tell anyone.
I...
I'm not ready to share it yet.
And I'm also just coming
to terms with all of this.
I don't want anyone
putting pressure on me.
‪lt's okay, it's okay.
I completely understand.
Whenever you're ready.
But you went ahead and did it anyway.
Even after I had told you
not to tell anyone.
You went to tell her because
you knew she was going to come rushing.
So contrary to what you all believe,
he came here to see you, not me.
Am I right or am I right?
‪That still does not justify
‪you lying about cancer.
That is very serious.
It is cancer we are talking about here.
You know, if Fade
had done something like this,
‪I probably won't be surprised.
But coming from you,
pretending to have cancer...
- Really? How desperate can you be?
- Is this guy okay?
- Please.
- Do you know how worried I was?
Well, excuse me if me lying about cancer
is going to make you remember
someone you once called friend,
so be it.
After you knowingly lied
and you didn't even think to apologise...
Why?
Because you are the almighty Donna Jabal.
That is not true and you know that.
Boma, so you deceived me.
It hurts to be on
the other side of the fence, right?
No Boma, this is not a joking matter.
Like, what are you laughing about?
Is this something
we should give you an award for? Lying?
Lying that you have cancer?
Come on, man. Stop it.
Stop it!
- You need help!
- Azeem?
- I need help!
- Yes!
Azeem, from you, I need help?
Coming from someone who cheats,
who bribes and who hits his wife?
Azeem, I beg you, sorry,
just remove the log in your eye,
Before you come for me...
- You lied. That's the point.
- Why did you lie?
- She's sitting there trying to justify it.
- And you are sitting down there...
‪-What about all the other lies you told?
‪-I was still with my husband.
‪You play ball up and down...
‪-Yet you lied...
‪-You slept with my husband...
Shut up! Shut up!
What's that?
- What?
- Can't you hear?
Boma has cancer!
Ahn-ahn.
Are they fighting outside?
- Hey, Boma!
- Who would be fighting here?
‪What kind of problem
‪is this? What's going on?
Ah, Fade! Boma.
Boma has cancer!
- No, come on.
- What is it?
What sort of trouble is this? See... God.
- Are those...?
- My family.
Ahn-ahn.. Who called them?
- I don't know. I didn't call them.
- I did.
- Donna, Donna.
- Hello? Lara?
Ah! Mom!
- Why are you shouting? What happened?
- Oh God!
- What happened? What happened?
- Cancer!
- For who?
- Boma.
- My Boma has cancer?
- Yes. She will die soon.
She has cancer. lye? lye? lye!
- I only called Lara and I guess...
- It spread.
Yes. And in my defense,
I didn't know it was a lie.
Who sent you?
Who sent you, Madam Know-It-All?
- Why did you go and call?
- Why did you lie?
- Do not talk to my wife like that.
‪-Boma, do not speak to my wife like that.
‪-Why did you lie?
‪-Madam Therapy.
‪-It's okay now.
‪-It's a liar.
‪-Do you want to handle them?
‪Because you are a liar.
‪Because none of this
‪would have happen, Madam Abibi.
‪Mr. I'm-In-Love-With-You,
‪what kind of rubbish is this?
- Ladies and gentlemen!
- What kind of rubbish is that?!
We're going to tell them the truth.
- Eh?
- What truth?
At least what they think is the truth.
Which is?
We started with a lie, isn't it? So we
can as well just finish it with the lie.
- Yes!
- Look..
‪-I don't think that is a good idea.
‪-It doesn't make sense.
What you are saying doesn't make any sense
My friend come back.
‪-What kind of nons... What are you doing?
‪-Ahn-ahn!
We'll tell them the truth now!
‪Fade. Fade.
- Fade
- Fade, mind yourself.
‪Fade what type of rubbish
‪is this one you are doing?
Azeem, stand up. Go and...
‪-What are you doing? You're looking at me.
‪-What do you want me to do?
Hold her how, why can't you
‪Why can't you go and hold her?
- Why would I hold her?
- Please leave me alone.
Boma is dead!
‪-Oh, Mum!
‪-Where's my child?
- You better go and deal with your mess.
- Wait, let us all cry.
‪-How can I go and
‪-Let us all cry.
‪-She's about to die. She has cancer.
‪-No idea what you are talking about.
‪-She's about to die.
‪-I don't even know why you are here.
You are the one that will die, Donna.
- But you're...
- You are the one whose death is coming.
‪-You're the one that has cancer.
‪-It is death that is coming for you.
- It's not coming for me.
- And it's not everyone that has cancer
‪that dies, but you will die.
- Ah, God! Boma is a good girl.
- Mum.
‪Boma is a fine girl!
‪Boma is a perfect example of a child!
‪Subtitle translated by: Ayolope Koiki